So here we have our loin.
OK, we wanted to highlight
this for you guys
because this is the reason why we did
those two halves earlier.
So this is the halves
that we've boned out.
Now you can see
this is where the tenderloin is lying.
That tenderloin lies
right against the spine or chine bone.
Underneath that we have our loin.
OK, we've boned it all the way out.
This loin we talked about as well
being a striploin if it was a cow.
The cool thing about that is
that's what this is.
It looks a lot like a T-Bone steak
you might have seen,
you know, at the grocery store,
at the butcher's counter.
On one side, we have the striploin.
On the other side, we have the tenderloin.
Now we've done these on the band saw
thought it also be great
to show you how to cut it by hand.
So to do that first,
I'm going to try to aim
for that thickness.
So I'm going to be right in here
straight down.
OK, now I'm going to stand it up
and go down as far as I can.
And I'm going to grab the saw.
And holding on.
It's just a little bit there
and see where I'm at
and I might go just a little further.
Simply
because I don't want to grab it too
hard to get my cutting board.
So now I'm going to finish.
With a cleaver,
so it's important when you're cutting
with the saw or with the cleaver
that we do a little scrape
and make sure that there is no bone chips
on our final product.
OK. It's nothing worse from a guest
perspective, getting a bone chip.
So give it a little scrape
and make sure that you're feeling it
with your hands and your fingers
to make sure that your guests
are going to get a piece that's enjoyable.